Registered parameters and other Go API and CLI changes (#45)
pellared/taskflow: README.md

### Verbose mode

> In verbose mode, the whole output will be streamed. If disabled, only logs from failed task are send to the output.

Reviewer: This section would need rewriting if https://github.com/pellared/taskflow/pull/45#discussion_r624635911 is applied

> By default, verbose mode is turned on.

Reviewer: This section would need rewriting if https://github.com/pellared/taskflow/pull/45#discussion_r624635911 is applied

It can be controlled by registering a boolean parameter and assigning it to the field [`Taskflow.Verbose`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pellared/taskflow#Taskflow.Verbose).

This is also provided via the convenience function [`taskflow.VerboseParam(flow *taskflow.Taskflow) BoolParam`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pellared/taskflow#VerboseParam), which needs to be explicitly called.
The convenience function registers a boolean parameter `verbose`, short `v`, and assigns it to the [`Taskflow.Verbose`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pellared/taskflow#Taskflow.Verbose) field.
This parameter defaults to `false`, so as soon as this parameter is registered, verbose mode has to be explicitly enabled via the CLI.
This then works similar to `go test -v`.

You can also reuse the registered parameter to check if verbose mode was set within a task's command.

### Default task

Default task can be assigned via [`Taskflow.DefaultTask`]((https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pellared/taskflow#Taskflow.DefaultTask)) field.

When default task is set, then it is run if no task is provided via CLI.

### Parameters

> The parameters can be set via CLI using flag syntax. Flags must be registered in "long form", and have an optional short form using only one letter.

Reviewer: This section would need rewriting if https://github.com/pellared/taskflow/pull/45#discussion_r624635911 is applied

On the CLI, flags can be set in the following ways:

- `--longName simple` - for simple single-word values
- `--longName "value with blanks"`
- `--longName="value with blanks"`
- `--booleanParam` - setting boolean parameters implicitly to `true`
- `-l simple` - using short form

For example, `go run ./build -v --ci all` would run the `all` task with `verbose` and `ci` bool parameters both set to `true`.

> Parameters must first be registered via [`func (f *Taskflow) RegisterValueParam(newValue func() Value, info ParameterInfo) ValueParam`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pellared/taskflow#Taskflow.RegisterValueParam), or one of the provided methods like `RegisterStringParam`.

Reviewer 2: What do you think to make the `RegisterStringParam` function name clickable?

```suggestion
Parameters must first be registered via [`func (f *Taskflow) RegisterValueParam(newValue func() Value, info ParameterInfo) ValueParam`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pellared/taskflow#Taskflow.RegisterValueParam), or one of the provided methods like [`RegisterStringParam`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pellared/taskflow#Taskflow.RegisterStringParam).
```

After registration, tasks need to specify which parameters they will read.

> Do this by assigning the [`RegisteredParameter`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pellared/taskflow#RegisteredParameter) from the registration result to the [`Task.Parameters`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pellared/taskflow#Task.Parameters) field.

Reviewer 2: The `the` word needs a noun. Two options are possible:
```suggestion
Do this by assigning [`RegisteredParameter`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pellared/taskflow#RegisteredParameter) from the registration result to the [`Task.Parameters`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pellared/taskflow#Task.Parameters) field.
```
or
```suggestion
Do this by assigning the [`RegisteredParameter`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pellared/taskflow#RegisteredParameter) instance from the registration result to the [`Task.Parameters`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pellared/taskflow#Task.Parameters) field.
```

> Do this by assigning the [`RegisteredParameter`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pellared/taskflow#RegisteredParameter) from the registration result to the [`Task.Parameters`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pellared/taskflow#Task.Parameters) field.
> If a task tries to retrieve the value from an unregistered parameter, the task will fail.
> 
> When registration is done, the task's command can retrieve the parameter value using `Get(*TF)` method from the respective `RegisteredParameter` type, returned from the registration call during the task's `Command` execution.

Reviewer 2: The `RegisteredParameter` type doesn't exist. I believe the `RegisteredParam` is the correct one (defined in the `parameter.go` file).

```suggestion
Do this by assigning the [`RegisteredParam`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pellared/taskflow#RegisteredParam) from the registration result to the [`Task.Parameters`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pellared/taskflow#Task.Parameters) field.
If a task tries to retrieve the value from an unregistered parameter, the task will fail.

When registration is done, the task's command can retrieve the parameter value using `Get(*TF)` method from the respective `RegisteredParam` type, returned from the registration call during the task's `Command` execution.
```

Reviewer: Addressed https://github.com/pellared/taskflow/pull/45/commits/5b158d2838e578d28da1f48d14b834740f632c89

> When registration is done, the task's command can retrieve the parameter value using `Get(*TF)` method from the respective `RegisteredParameter` type, returned from the registration call during the task's `Command` execution.

Reviewer 2: I think the `the` word is missing.
```suggestion
When registration is done, the task's command can retrieve the parameter value using the `Get(*TF)` method from the respective `RegisteredParameter` type, returned from the registration call during the task's `Command` execution.
```

### Verbose mode

In verbose mode, the whole output will be streamed. If disabled, only logs from failed task are send to the output.

By default, verbose mode is turned on.
It can be controlled by registering a boolean parameter and assigning it to the field `Taskflow.Verbose`.

> This is also provided via the convenience function `taskflow.VerboseParam(*taskflow.Taskflow)`, which needs to be explicitly called.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is also provided via the convenience function [`taskflow.VerboseParam(*taskflow.Taskflow)`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pellared/taskflow#VerboseParam), which needs to be explicitly called.
```

The convenience function registers a boolean parameter `verbose`, short `v`, and assigns it to the `Taskflow` field.
This parameter defaults to `false` by default, so as soon as this parameter is registered, verbose mode has to be explicitly enabled via the CLI.
This then works similar to `go test -v`. 

> You can then also re-use the registered parameter to check if verbose mode was set within the task's command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also reuse the registered parameter to check if verbose mode was set within a task's command.
```

### Default task

Default task can be assigned via `DefaultTask` field in [`type Taskflow`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pellared/taskflow#Taskflow).

When default task is set, then it is run if no task is provided via CLI.

### Parameters

> The parameters can be set via CLI using flag syntax. Flags must be registered in "long form", and have an optional short form using only one letter.

Reviewer: It might be good to describe what happens if there is no description for a flag. TBH I have even not checked how it works. Do you think it would make sense to implement it as a "hidden" parameter? This is how a task without description works currently.

Author: I understand that some tasks will be hidden to allow reusable procedures that shouldn't be explicitly called by the user on the CLI.
However, having a hidden parameter that can only be set through CLI is a weird form of hiding. After all, this is a tool for (build) automation where you have direct access to the source, I'd like to see what a parameter does if needed.

On the CLI, flags can be set in the following ways:
* `--longName simple` - for simple single-word values
* `--longName "value with blanks"`
* `--longName="value with blanks"`
* `--booleanParam` - setting boolean parameters implicitly to `true`

> * `-l simple` - using short form; Short form also allows assignment via equals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `-l simple` - using short form
```

I removed the ending b/c it is also possible to use quotes + boolean params do not need `true`

> For example, `go run ./build -v --ci all` would run the `all` task with `ci` parameter set to `"true"` in verbose mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, `go run ./build -v --ci all` would run the `all` task with `verbose` and `ci` parameters both set to `"true"`.
```

> Parameters must first be registered via [`func (*Taskflow) ConfigureValue`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pellared/taskflow#Taskflow.ConfigureValue), or one of the provided primitive functions like `ConfigureString`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Parameters must first be registered via [`func (*Taskflow) ConfigureValue`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pellared/taskflow#Taskflow.ConfigureValue), or one of the provided methods like `ConfigureString`.
```

After registration, tasks need to specify which parameters they will read.

> Do this by assigning the `RegisteredParameter` from the registration result to the [`Task Parameters`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pellared/taskflow#Task.Parameters) field.

Reviewer: should be `Task.Parameters` and missing hyperlink for `RegisteredParameter`

If a task tries to retrieve the value from an unregistered parameter, the task will fail. 

> With registration is done, the task's command can retrieve the parameter value using `Get(*TF)` from the respective `RegisteredParameter`, returned from the registration call during the task's `Command` execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When registration is done, the task's command can retrieve the parameter value using `Get(*TF)` from the respective `RegisteredParameter`, returned from the registration call during the task's `Command` execution.
```

See `examples/string-param/main.go` for a full parameter example.

> Tasks cannot be registered with unknown parameters. Taskflow will fail execution if there are unused parameters.

Reviewer: `Tasks cannot be registered with unknown parameters.` - not sure what you mean here. I guess that you mean that the parameters must be taken from the result of `Configure...` methods. If so I am not sure if mentioning it is needed. At least for me, it is confusing. You explained it pretty well in one of the previous paragraphs.

Use [Discussions](https://github.com/pellared/taskflow/discussions) or write to me: *Robert Pajak* @ [Gophers Slack](https://invite.slack.golangbridge.org/).

> You can also create an issue, or a pull request.

Reviewer: Are you sure a comma is needed here? In Polish, it would be a grammar error. grammarly.com also states that the comma should be removed 😉

Author: IntelliJ wanted it :)

Author: There are more sentences IntelliJ wants me to fix, this one change was rather a placeholder change to do a signed commit - only to realize that all commits need to be signed.
I've got "English (US)" spelling set up in IntelliJ.

Reviewer: My grammarly is also set to en-US as this usually the standard in IT

Author: heh, which spell-checker to trust and standardize ;)
Personally I'm very hesitant about sending text to grammarly - even if it's public technical documentation.
If you also have GoLand, we could define this as the standard to work with.

Author: (side note: I hope this is beyond this PR and should be addressed as a separate item)

Reviewer: Agree

Reviewer: You are correct https://getproofed.com/writing-tips/differences-american-british-punctuation/ 👍
